# CS300-Final-Project
Final Project for CS300 algorithms and data structures

  In this project, I was setting up a program that would take a list of courses and allow them to be accessed at any point by searching for them or would also be able to print out the entire course list. I approached the problem by saying that I needed a structure that could organize it in a way that would allow it to be accessed at any point while also allowing it to be printed in alphanumerical order. This led me to believe that a tree structure was best. I felt that it fit bettere than a vector structure or a hash table structure. I felt it would have been a better run time for it because it wouldn't have to search through multiple buckets or down an entire list, instead it would make at most 4 decisions based on the idea of the 8 courses in a 1/2/4/1 structure in the tree that would have been created out of this data set.
  I had to overcome the roablocks that were presented to me in a variety of ways. I used a lot of stack overflow to help me in various ways. I used books from this course and from previous course. I also ended up working from some earlier examples in the course and using parts of the code from them I reused some of the old code from the previous Binary Search Tree assignment to help with my code and based other parts of my written code off of it. I feel like my approach to designing software and developing programs has expanded by just trying new things. I feel like as this course and this class went on that I was able to understand what was going on or where I could have messed up just by looking at the code. I am also seeing some common errors and I am starting to recognize them and to see how I could fix them as I am going through this course. I feel more confident in my abilities to debug my program and honestly that feels like one of my weakest areas as a programmer. I feel that I have learned to write better programs because I know for this project it was a little annoying at times to have to sit there and keep on scrolling up and down so that I could find how a specific line was written or what was written. So, I started to write them side by side and this seemed to me to flow better. I obviously can't just type them all together but I feel like if they were closer together than that made the program easier for me to follow, and easier to change as needed. I felt like the program was better for it.
